Refactor notes to recommend using the flex shorthand with keyword values (#38688)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/flex-grow/index.md

When the flex-container's main size is larger than the combined main sizes of its flex items, this positive free space can be distributed among the flex items, with each item's growth being their growth factor value as a proportion of the sum total of all the flex items' flex grow factors.

> [!NOTE]

> > It is recommended to use the {{cssxref("flex")}} shorthand instead of this longhand, as the shorthand correctly resets any unspecified components to accommodate common uses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is recommended to use the {{cssxref("flex")}} shorthand with a keyword value like `auto` or `initial` instead of setting `flex-basis` on its own. The [keyword values](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex#values) expand to reliable combinations of `flex-grow`, {{cssxref("flex-shrink")}}, and {{cssxref("flex-basis")}}, which help to achieve the commonly desired flex behaviors.
```
